What do we have there?
Oh, my. Is it the same for you?
Yes.
I have to go to the Nako-Odo at the Yokocho stone shop.
That's good.
It's strange to ask a person like you to go to Nako-Odo.
I've been there.
Is that so? That's good.
I wonder if the god will go with you.
Will you go with me?
Yes.
I'm a man of my word.
Don't say stupid things.
If you don't go to the Nako-Odo, you won't play the role of Nako-Odo.
Then I'll go with you.
I'm sorry.
Do you know the Nako-Odo role of the Sakazuki?
I don't know.
If you go to the Nako-Odo, you'll play the role of Nako-Odo.
Oh, yes.
Which one do you want?
I'm a man of my word.
But there's something I have to do.
What do you mean?
I mean, when you go there, you can't play the role of the god.
The god?
That's a tip.
No.
When you go to the Nako-Odo, you can't play the role of the god.
I know.
You're an actor, aren't you?
You can't play the role of the god.
I...
Hey, hey, hey.
Don't say that.
I'm sorry.
I don't know.
Can you teach me?
I'll teach you, but I can't do it today.
I'll teach you.
Do you know it?
I don't know.
It's a mistake to have the other people teach me.
It's not good.
Is that so?
Do you have such a funny greeting?
Look at my face.
It's wrinkled, but it's a face.
I don't like it.
I'll give you this back of my heart.
It's a funny song.
I heard it for the first time, but it's like a pig's gut.
Hey, hey, hey.
You can do it if you laugh.
I'll do it.
Try it again.
Where are you?
I'm going to say.
Hey, hey, hey.
Where do you start?
From below.
How far do you go down?
Sing.